--- 
layout: blogpost
title: The &#35;1 Thing Customers Think About When choosing a bottle of Wine
category: Marketing
author: Kevin LeBaron
permalink: blog/the-1-thing-your-customers-think-about
bannerimage: choose.jpg
authorimage: kevin.jpg
---
I don’t know about you… but when I’m buying wine the goal is usually to spend the least amount of money without being ridiculed by my friends. I can’t always afford to drop $50 on a bottle but I don’t want to be the guy who shows up with a $4 bottle of Gallo either.

<!--more-->

I usually go for something with a nice label in the medium price range, but... 

>if it has a high rating I can get away with spending even less.

In other words, I’m looking for the safe bet and high prices/ratings are what I use to offload the responsibility of choosing a “good wine”.

But, by far the best defense against my critical friends is…. **A good story**.

Friend: “What did you bring?”

Me: “I got this bottle from an awesome little winery I found down by San Diego. I met the owner, him and his family make all their wine from vines they transplanted straight from Italy.”

Boom! Just like that an awkward moment is eliminated. My friends think I’m the coolest, and you just got a new customer referral out of the deal.


<hgroup>
	<h1>We Help You Tell Your Story</h1>
	<p>Here at the Winery Guild we like to keep it personal. We don't have an air of superiority and we don't like corporate fluff! We tell real stories about real people (Exactly what customers are looking for)</p>
</hgroup>



### 1. The Interview
We start with a simple “over the phone” interview where we ask you simple questions from 3 different categories (Region, Winery & You). We usually like to interview the winemaker and/or owner but were open to pretty much anyone. 

### 2. The Story
We record the whole interview, cut out all the awkward pauses and piece together all the interesting bits to form a complete story.

### 3. The Show
Using images & videos we get from you (or take ourselves) along with a little animation magic our production team will bring your story to life in a high quality professional video which we’ll then feature as an episode of our new show.

The show is broadcast on YouTube, Facebook and we even post an “audio only“ version to iTunes. You’re then free to use the video in any way you see fit. Post it on your website, share it on social media, whatever.

The next step is...

<hgroup>
	<h1>Tell your story to as many people as possible</h1>
	<p>The first thing we do is create a winery listing for you on our website and wine map.</p>
</hgroup>


### 1. A steady flow of new customers.
Our winery listings are optimized for local search results which means all those people searching for wineries in your area are going to find your listing, hear your story and get all the info they need to go find you.

### 2. A quick burst of awareness
We promote each new winery to our entire network which means we’re going to be telling everyone we know about you. We're talking Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Pinterest & Instagram. We even email all our guild members and we might even tell our friends on MySpace (just kidding, we would never do that.) But you get the picture, Were going to tell everyone.

### 3. Free Local Advertising
Every day hundreds of people are searching for wineries in your area. We want to get as many of them into your tasting room as possible. Which is why, if you’re featured on our show, we’ll run online advertisements to anyone close enough to actually visit you… And it doesn't cost you a dime.


<div style="border: 1px solid #ccc; background: #fff; padding: 48px;">
<h1>Schedule Your Winery Guild Interview</h1>
<p>We would love to do an episode about your winery. If you like the idea of getting a ton of free advertising all you have to do is schedule an interview. It only takes about 30 minutes of answering questions / telling us how awesome you are and we'll do all the rest.</p>
<p>Can’t wait to hear from you. =)</p>


<a href="https://calendly.com/wineryguild/interview" class="button">Click here to schedule your winery guild interview.</a>

</div>












